everybody today it's the battle between
the garlic and its nemesis the garlic
presser and my old trusty garlic passer
broke and frankly I kind of I kind of
think it was my fault i i i did press on
it too hard when i knew that it could be
a critical force so this is what
happened and I was you know in dire
straits to define a new garlic processor
so I went to Bed Bath & Beyond Beth and
Beyond and I found this clicker that can
go back in time and I decided not to
purchase this and I purchased this you
know bad joke anyway so anyway I got
this because really this was their only
brand that they had at the moment
alright so let me show you the device
it's by Cal Fallon Cal felon and the
chamber is pretty pretty small and if
you compare it to this jumbo size
chamber you can tell that this is is
pretty small one thing though about it
is that it has these piercing dots that
go through and actually get flush even
more than the surface so this really
truly squeezes out and pierces the
garlic this could be the winning point
so let me grab a few garlic cloves and
by the way even though even though we
can crush these garlic's with the peel
on I would highly recommend you unpeel
them and then crush it just because you
never know what kind of condition the
garlic is and you don't want a garlic
that has mold etc
other stuff but for this demonstration I
will just put it in and crush it with
the peel and you're gonna see first of
all that it's pretty easy to press
pretty easy to press and it really does
take all of the garlic out and when you
pull out this is the nice part this peel
just peels out and it really is easy to
clean afterwards you just just rinse it
through and it really cleans easily I
was very surprised to see on Amazon that
people were saying that it's not easy to
clean it just just you know with garlic
just make sure that you don't let it dry
garlic is so sticky when it's dry make
sure you rinse it right away and you
shouldn't have a problem cleaning it so
just to complete the effect you know I'm
just gonna remove it and there you go
you can see that it's almost completely
clean you just have to rinse it let me
do another one just for the
demonstration it's got actually kind of
fun
so let me talk about the minuses why do
I think the minuses are I think the
Andals are a little too short
I think the rubberized area is really
not not adding anything I wish that the
plot that rubber part was one piece it's
two pieces that could be gunk getting
into this two parts and I find that it's
just a little too short so when you do
press it this this area fluxes yeah I
don't know something about it flexes and
feels just a bit weird but other than
that I really think it's a good garlic
presser you know what I I think this
will last for for quite a while
see this one for example not a good
garlic so that's why I recommend even
though you can press it with the with
the peel go ahead and peel it and make
sure you get a good clove of garlic
because you don't want nastiness and
your food okay so this was my review if
you like this review please thumb up
subscribe and I will catch in the next
video until next time bye